Add comprehensive copilot-instructions.md for GDASApp development (#1846)
NOAA-EMC/GDASApp: .github/copilot-instructions.md

# GDASApp - Global Data Assimilation System Application

> NOAA's weather and ocean data assimilation system built on the JEDI (Joint Effort for Data assimilation Integration) framework. This application integrates atmospheric, oceanic, sea-ice, aerosol, and land data assimilation capabilities.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
NOAA's next generation coupled Earth system data assimilation system built on the JEDI (Joint Effort for Data assimilation Integration) framework. This application integrates atmospheric, oceanic, sea-ice, aerosol, and land data assimilation capabilities.
```
